Unify snippets (#325)
FriendsOfShopware/FroshTools: README.md

- **Queue Manager**
  - Shows the amount of messages in the queue
  - Reset queue

> - **Elasticsearch Manager**
>   - Shows the current Elasticsearch status of nodes & cluster
>   - Lists all indeces of the Elasticsearch instance
>   - Quick actions for indeces handling
>   - Execute Elasticsearch console commands
> - **Log Viewer**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Elasticsearch Manager**
  - Shows the current status of the Elasticsearch nodes & cluster
  - Lists all indices of the Elasticsearch instance
  - Quick actions for index handling
  - Execute Elasticsearch console commands
- **Log Viewer**
```
